hey guys I thought over pop on and show
you what was in the January phone box in
case you haven't seen it yeah
I love these boxes by the way I've used
them to store quite a few bits pieces of
my makeup so yeah we're doing a makeup
collection video sometime soon so you'll
get to see why I use them but these
boxes are freaking fantastic I love them
so either she went impressed with the
January box from Carly I thought it was
very very nice if it was a nice
selection of stuff in it so this is what
is in the January hormone box lots of
lovely things first thing you get as
always you get card that says this time
wishing you're happy 2012 and then it
tells you everything that is in the box
for this month also you get Korres 5 pan
off voucher with every purchase 25
pounds looks like that just quite nice I
think I might do a lot more from the
boxes I've seen they they kind of give a
lot more offers voucher codes out than
the other boxes like I've seen which I
think it's quite nice I think a lot of
people really do like that so first of
all the first thing that caught my eye
were these say their El Dorado handmade
lashes click these and give the very
very nice if I never actually help help
never actually heard of El Dorado lashes
but these are actually really really
pretty
um they are handmade which is nice and
just thrown the glue on the floor
they're kind of glue and it looks like
this and they're really beautiful
they're actually really natural-looking
which I really really like because I
know a lot of these lashes they kind of
read that bad which is very different -
there's a look at them they're really
really natural-looking beautiful
absolutely beautiful really like those
can't wait to wear those I think that's
stunning so those are the lashes
everybody likes lashes alright so it's
quite a nice thing to give away the next
thing is um this little sachet here or
Westlaw camilla and bath salts to
detoxify them in tensile and help your
skin
this also has code on it just code for 3
to 156 detox kit which is 30% that's
quite a good deal really isn't it so
they look like this obviously I don't
use the X I want you to show you I don't
want to smell like in quite a solid
they're quite nice but I love bustle so
that's that was a good one I like that
another thing looks in he come I got to
January which is something that I really
really like and I've been using it ever
since I got it it's the balance me ah we
see extra care gradients face oil it
comes in a little thing like this this
is just a little sample and it has a
roller ball on the top which I freaking
love I love the roller ball so I've been
using this the roller ball idea is such
a cute idea I've been using this every
night since I've gotten is really nice
it's a really nice oil so that is that
yeah those equals a code I don't think
it comes to the code I'm not sure you
see oh yeah
use code car my 2012 10% off the
full-size so that's quite nice then um
this I you know I wasn't too fussed
about however I did use it until my
makeup the other day is really nice and
I thought it it to UM click or EC or to
moisturizing for my skin's I do have
combination skin but Ashley it's very
very nice so this is nice I've never
tried anything by Korres before this was
kind of a nice little sample it is their
Wild Rose 24-hour moisturizer with SPF 6
just a little song for how big is this
awful 10 mil so kind of it's a nice
sample it doesn't smell like rose if you
ask me it really doesn't smell like Rose
doesn't really smell like anything but
that would be quite nice I suppose if
you don't like heavily scented things so
I do like this I'm using this during the
day and then finally the last thing I
think everyone is kind of for the review
that I've seen everyone kind of really
thinks as the star product is the ICO
fat eye stick color and gloss looks like
this and this one is in petrol blue not
a color I would have chosen for myself
personally I live in gold they do a car
key video chocolate and they do taupe
and I really would have liked taupe I
don't know whether that was one of these
funds that was going to be put in
Cochrane box but I have worn this then
it is very very nice so it looks like
this you can just switch up the end like
this
and how comes the pencil this is a
really cute idea
it looks very black but actually on I
pull it on and it looks more of a like a
greeny blue it's very pretty I think I
would be doing like a tutorial with this
just kind of do like an easy smokey eye
I don't know I think it's very very nice
it looks like that if it will focus it's
very very pretty it's very showing me
easily smudged out I have worn it just
as eyeliner so it's very easy to apply
just as eyeliner I haven't used it
smudged out si an eyeshadow but
apparently that's kind of what it's for
so yeah the colors really beautiful so
that's petrol blue and this actually I
know I can used to be relatively cheap
and then they went through a revamp a
rehaul and now everything's rather
expensive in my opinion um I don't
really know what happened that I know
they went through a revamp but this is
actually 10 pounds so that's pretty much
the cost of the box without posting and
packing so that's kind of paper the box
anyway so I really thinks that calm I do
a lot of that they do put like they tend
to put in one product which is really
kind of expensive and pays for a box in
itself which i think is a nice idea so
um yeah I was really pretty pretty
impressed with all my box for January I
did like all the things that I
definitely use all the things in it so I
mean you know probably asked for a lot
more than that can you if you're going
to use all the things that are in the
box and it's definitely worth the price
so yeah I will put all the information
about corner down below
once again because you don't know it is
a it's not a roll on subscription so I
mean well unless you want to be if you
just want one box then you want to
cancel your subscription that's fine you
could do that there's not a problem with
that and they're ten pounds a box plus
the postage and packing so I think
commas really really good have had a
couple of their boxes now and I really
like what I've seen from them so like
yeah I just like come on and share if
you go as case you're interested I hope
have a wonderful day guys if you haven't
subscribed please do so and absolutely
make my day do I cut that here and day
yeah I'll see you guys very soon bye